Agents Hello and welcome to the field you truly are top notch director I hope has briefed me on your
mission or regretting for me if we don't have much information on the rogues.
What we can tell you is that it appears they all visited the same bands web site the day they left the
institute.
We have reason to believe this Web site may contain some clue or hidden information about what they're
up to because this our early late it might make sense for you to learn how to perform web scrapin using
Python to see what you can uncover.
The instructor will teach you all about web scraping with the requests and beautiful super libraries.
Afterwards you'll be given further details in your mission overview.
Agent Allen out.